README.md, before:

# Smart Commit

Smart Commit is a command-line interface tool that leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) to generate intelligent and descriptive Git commit messages automatically.

## Features

- **Automatic Commit Message Generation**: Analyzes your staged changes and suggests a concise yet informative commit message.
- **LLM Powered**: Integrates with LLMs (e.g., OpenAI) to provide high-quality suggestions.
- **Customizable**: Easily configure your preferred LLM provider and other settings.

## Installation

To install Smart Commit, make sure you have Go installed (version 1.18 or higher).

```bash
go install github.com/kevinliao852/smart-commit@latest
```

## Usage

Navigate to your Git repository and stage your changes as usual.

```bash
git add .
```

Then, run the `smart-commit` command to generate a commit message:

```bash
smart-commit generate
```

The generated message will be displayed, and you will be prompted to confirm or edit it before committing.

## Configuration

The configuration file is typically located at `~/.config/smart-commit/config.yaml`.

Example `config.yaml`:

```yaml
openai_api_key: your_openai_api_key_here
model: gpt-4o
custom_prompt: "My custom prompt: %s"
```

Replace `your_openai_api_key_here` with your actual OpenAI API key.

The `custom_prompt` option is optional. If provided, it will be appended to the `base_prompt` (which is used as the main instruction for generating the commit message). The `%s` placeholder replacement only applies to the `base_prompt`, not the `custom_prompt`. You can also customize the `base_prompt` if needed. Both prompts together provide instructions to the LLM for generating the commit message.

Commit message:

🚀 Add command to show configuration file path
This commit introduces a new command, `where`, which displays the path of the configuration file currently in use by the smart-commit tool. The command is implemented in `cmd/where.go`, making it easy for users to locate their configuration file. Additionally, the `Config` struct in `config/config.go` has been updated to include a `ConfigPath` field, which stores the path of the configuration file. The `Load` function in `loader.go` has also been modified to populate this new field. This enhancement improves usability by allowing users to quickly access their configuration file path through a simple command.

Signed-off-by: Kevin Liao <q85292542000@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Smart Commit

Smart Commit is a command-line interface tool that leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) to generate intelligent and descriptive Git commit messages automatically.

## Features

- **Automatic Commit Message Generation**: Analyzes your staged changes and suggests a concise yet informative commit message.
- **LLM Powered**: Integrates with LLMs (e.g., OpenAI) to provide high-quality suggestions.
- **Customizable**: Easily configure your preferred LLM provider and other settings.

## Installation

To install Smart Commit, make sure you have Go installed (version 1.18 or higher).

```bash
go install github.com/kevinliao852/smart-commit@latest
```

## Usage

Navigate to your Git repository and stage your changes as usual.

```bash
git add .
```

Then, run the `smart-commit` command to generate a commit message:

```bash
smart-commit generate
```

The generated message will be displayed, and you will be prompted to confirm or edit it before committing.

To see the location of the configuration file being used:

```bash
smart-commit where
```

## Configuration

The configuration file is typically located at `~/.config/smart-commit/config.yaml`.

Example `config.yaml`:

```yaml
openai_api_key: your_openai_api_key_here
model: gpt-4o
custom_prompt: "My custom prompt: %s"
```

Replace `your_openai_api_key_here` with your actual OpenAI API key.

The `custom_prompt` option is optional. If provided, it will be appended to the `base_prompt` (which is used as the main instruction for generating the commit message). The `%s` placeholder replacement only applies to the `base_prompt`, not the `custom_prompt`. You can also customize the `base_prompt` if needed. Both prompts together provide instructions to the LLM for generating the commit message.
